attackontitan fans I have some really
exciting news first of all an attack on
titan 3ds game has been announced and
i'm super excited about that I don't
have a 3ds yet because mainly I've been
waiting for you know some games to stock
up so I can pick up a nice amount of
games when I do get one the pokemon game
that's coming out later this year is
definitely one of them but if this game
gets localized no questions asked I'm
picking up a 3ds because I'd imagine
what it's going to be hasn't been
announced what type of game or anything
hopefully RPG is type of game something
like that would be interesting either
way I'm really excited because it's just
like attack on tight and I want a little
bit of a free roam something like a the
pc little web browser fan made game that
they had something like that would be
interesting but with a lot more
intricacies in detail to it definitely
and just you know a nice story mode
overall but something like that is just
really exciting that they're already
getting a game off the ground for the
3ds give me this game localize it you
got a 3d I sold off the bat from me this
is a Pokemon game of two games that I'm
most excited for for the 3ds and it's
just great news to hear overall attack
on titan finally getting a game let's
get a next-gen console one dude ps4
attack on titan is what i'm really
waiting for but for now 3ds sounds
pretty interesting let's get a localized
also a new attack on titan manga is
going to be running in a different
magazine I believe it's shown in Cyrus
something like that the thing with this
it's going to be taking place in the
same universe as attack on Titan in the
same world I guess is this going to be
different set of characters obviously
from the sounds but it sounds like
they're trying to milk it they're trying
to you know make a different magazine
because the magazine that attack on
Titan is and is not going to be in the
same one that this new story is going to
be taking place I don't even know if the
same writer is going to be doing the
story I'd imagine not because you know
he already has a chance what would
attack on titan all the stuff that they
you know request from him to do so i
don't think he's going to be doing the
story so little skeptical about it right
now it's like depending on what they do
and how they approach it it could either
be a really good addition to the story
or it could just be a really big flop
because if it's something like you know
that they're trying to incorporate and
they just really start making plat holes
that could be very detrimental to the
story because definitely is them trying
to you know milk whatever they can
attack on Titan is a super sleeper hit
you know came out of 2009 but
once the anime came out it is absolutely
exploded and them doing this is like I'm
skeptical is like I want it to be a
great addition to it as well and just
overall something enjoyable but if they
don't even have the original writer
again i'm not sure what they're going to
be doing as far as who's going to be
writing it and drawing it and whatnot
but it's really right now something to
be skeptical about because it's just
like obviously they're doing this to
make more money but it's like what will
it be good as just overall the big
question will it be a good addition to
the attack on titan universes what
remains to be seen but hopefully this is
something good and just overall more
good news for the attack on titan
franchise I love attack on Titan is one
of my favorite models to review monthly
and overall is just an enjoyable and
amazing series so I'm just hoping they
don't fumble with this one let me know
what you think first of all 3ds game if
you don't have a 3ds so you're gonna
pick one up if they localize attack on
Titan in your region and also this manga
what do you think about it do you think
that this is going a little too far then
milking it are you excited to just get
overall more Titan story whether it be
other characters in the universe
something and just your world thoughts
about oldest attack on titan news
because there's pretty good stuff pretty
good stuff for attack on titan but still
happen this video thanks for watching
hope you enjoy thumbs up if you can't
wait to play some attack on titan on the
3ds because like i said localize that
shit and you got a 3d s soul definitely
a fan of the world and as always people
have an awesome day